Ok i kinda committed to nicegui for my cryoet job orchestrator application and am now rediscovering how hard it is to build and manage state in python. Basically as my application grows more complex i want to create some unified model of state management, especially for parameter propagation in the application and the sync between the ui and the backend. I'm as of right now am unaware of a good state management system for complex applications in python because most interfaces i have built were writting in typescript with redux, but this is not an option currently.

More concretely, the application right now is just kind of a dashboard of some general parameters and then the user is able to select from a set of predefined jobs to construct a "pipeline": a subset of these predefined jobs which will go on to be executed on the computational nodes. How this is done is more or less beyond the point of parameter management. 

The main sources of global parameters are the single config file (conf.yaml) where each user should be able to specify some system-specific paths and params etc., a set of relion-type `job.star` files that each define a set of defaults for a given job type (ex. `fsMotionAndCtf/job.star`) that are shipped with our cryoboost application. Of course the user is free to chnage those as well so this cannot be just hardcoded into the python code, but instead read on startup and entered into the global store. What should be hardcoded/well-defined is the shape/data model of each job because those are static. 

In fact exactly this "data model" of a given job is (or _should_ be) one of the main actors in the application because given its knowledge of the exact parameters that a given job takes this data model is capable (independely of the rest of the application) of constructing the command necessary to dispatch this job to a given tool binary. It is also able to validate its parameters. A set of these job models, provided an external overarching schema, should be able to arrange themselves in correct order and validate their dependency vis a vis each other. They should also be able to provide a "blueprint" for a local ui component defining the inputs and parameters of this given job given the knowldege of types and constraints on this parameter
